Add KB12 keyboard (#21605)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/doio/kb12/readme.md

# doio/kb12

QMK for DOIO Knob 12% .

* Keyboard Maintainer: DOIO2022
* Hardware Supported: DOIO Knob 12%

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make doio/kb12:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make doio/kb12:default:flash

See the build [environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

> Enter the bootloader in next ways:
> 
> * **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB
> * **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to ‘QK_BOOT’ if it is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```

# doio/kb12

QMK for DOIO Knob 12% .

* Keyboard Maintainer: DOIO2022

> * Hardware Supported: DOIO Knob 12%

Reviewer 2: No links or images?
